[SYCL][DOC] Update marray specification (#12786)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/extensions/experimental/sycl_ext_oneapi_complex.asciidoc

  /* ... */

>   /// Adds and assigns marray rhs to marray lhs.

Reviewer: I think the following phrasing is a little clearer:
```suggestion
  /// Adds rhs to lhs and assigns the result to lhs.
```

Author: I understand that this should be propagated to the rest of the operator descriptions.

I also understand that you removed the  `marray` part because it is enough explicit to understand the `lhs` and `rhs` types from the prototype.

What about the operator overloads that takes a marray on the `lhs` and a complex on the `rhs`.
Should we still use the `rhs to lhs` phrasing? Not `complex number rhs to lhs` ?

Author: Gentle ping in case you missed this comment @steffenlarsen

Author: Does the clarification commit resolves your comment @steffenlarsen

Reviewer: I'd say so, thanks!
